Introduction:

Create an application to prevent spam requests coming in the application. 

Tracking, Blocking and monitoring are done in the backend. 

Create installation type architecture easily installable in any web application. Application was installed for the one time basis, configuration done for the first time and later the application run in backend every time. • Functionality o Whenever the system receives any get or post request in the application. The request will be checked against predefined parameters and request is blocked to further progress in the system. Also these parameters are defined below in the document. o User installs the application into his web application and added the path for the folder in its application in the main connection file. o When user runs the application for the very first time Application system will require following: ▪ Database user name ▪ Database password ▪ Database name ▪ Application username ▪ Application password ▪ Ask for DB access level • If root access is available new db is created if not exists, if name is provided and table are created in that provided database. • If root access is not available, the provided database needs to be on the database server to create tables. o After the application is installed, the user can login in the application admin interface. The admin folder name is configurable from the config however the files cannot be changed. o User can add exceptions from the admin panel of the application to prevent request from blocking if any of the request is falling under the predefined parameters for blocking the request. o Whenever the system receives any request the request is saved in the database and the request will go through the blocking algorithm of the requests to bifurcate the request. o System will check the characteristics of request from the database and immediately blocks the request if it comes again. o System also analyses the past request and if any request is coming within a very less time frame and passing the blocking parameters. The system will block it for further access. However it can be added in the exceptions to bypass the request again in the system.
• Predefined Request Blocking parameters o 
If the request contains the special characters in all the parameters 
o Html tag <html> 
	o Script tag <script>
SRS Version 1.0 26 June 2018
o Style tag <link rel> o Repetitive patterns o Multiple request from single IP in few minutes or seconds or days o White space coming in the requests o Request parameters containing paths o Database type queries o Request parameter containing information schema or queries o Database Keywords eg IN with braces, WHERE, DELETE etc • Application Database tables o app_action_logs o app_blocked_requests o app_config o app_exception o app_requests • Platform o It will be launched as a PHP and MySQL Web-based application. • Deliverables o Source code of the application o Product Feature specification document • Technical Process o Following would be the languages o Front-end development: Jquery, HTML, CSS, PHP. o Back-end development: PHP, MySQL.
